(TV buzzing)
- Now what is rap music?
Well, in a sense we cannot
use that particular item
because "what" has
nothing to do with music.
"What" is a unit of measure
used to determine the necessary current
to excite an incandescent lab
to its proper candle power.
Many people thought that rap
began in Hollywood one day
when a child was born.
And they called it the Andrew Sisters.
It was a child of a Bayou woman.
Not by you.
A Bayou woman,
who with her beautiful diamond rings
and her store bought hair.
This is the development where we find
that in the bassoon section,
we find categorically to accept
a nondiploom or an entity
where we find that it is
written in fugital form.
Now, what is a fuge?
A fuge is like rap,
only if fuge starts where
in its contrapuntal form
where we find that the
melody keeps coming in
and the audience keeps going out.
♪ Run-Run-Run D.M.C. ♪
♪ Live, live, live, live, live ♪
♪ For you, for you, for
you, for you, for you ♪
♪ Fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh ♪
(80's hiphop beat playing)
(electric guitar playing)
♪ For all you sucker MC's
perpetratin' a fraud ♪
♪ Your rhymes are cold wack
and keep the crowd cold lost ♪
♪ You're the kind of
guy that girl ignored ♪
♪ I'm drivin' Caddy, you fixin' a Ford ♪
♪ My name is Joseph Simmons
but my middle name's Ward ♪
♪ And when I'm rockin' on the
mic, you should all applaud ♪
♪ Because we're wheelin,
dealin, we got a funny feelin' ♪
♪ We rock from the floor
up to the ceilin' ♪
♪ We groove it, you move
it, it has been proven ♪
♪ We calm the savage beast
because our music is soothin' ♪
♪ We create it, relate it,
and often demonstrate it ♪
♪ We'll diss a sucker MC, make
the other suckers hate it ♪
♪ We're rising, surprising,
and often hypnotizing ♪
♪ We always tell the truth and
then we never slip no lies in ♪
♪ No curls, no braids,
easy-head and still get paid ♪
♪ Jam Master cut the record
up and down and cross-fades ♪
(electric guitar playing)
(electric guitar continuing)
♪ Because the rhymes I
say, sharp as a nail ♪
♪ Witty as can be and not for sale ♪
♪ Always funky fresh,
could never be stale ♪
♪ Took a test to become
an MC and didn't fail ♪
♪ I couldn't wait to demonstrate ♪
♪ All the super def rhymes that I create ♪
♪ I'm a wizard of a word,
that's what you heard ♪
♪ And anything else is quite absurd ♪
♪ I'm the master of a
mic, that's what I say ♪
♪ And if I didn't say
that, you'd say it anyway ♪
♪ Bust into the party, come in the place ♪
♪ See the first things come,
the music in your face ♪
♪ Girls on the wall, some of the floor ♪
♪ With the DJ named Jay
with the cuts galore ♪
♪ So listen to this because
it can't be missed ♪
♪ And you can't leave
'till you're dismissed ♪
♪ You can do anything that you want to ♪
♪ But you can't leave
until we're through ♪
♪ So relax your body and your mind ♪
♪ And listen to us say this rhyme, hey ♪
♪ You might think that you have waited ♪
♪ Long enough 'till the rhyme was stated ♪
♪ But if it were a test,
it would be graded ♪
♪ With a grade that's not debated ♪
♪ Nothing too deep and nothing dense ♪
♪ And all our rhymes make a lot of sense ♪
♪ So move your butt to the cut ♪
♪ Run amuck, you're not in a rut ♪
♪ Each and everybody out
there, we got the notion ♪
♪ We want to see y'all all in motion ♪
♪ Just shake, wiggle, jump up and down ♪
♪ Move your body to the funky sound ♪
♪ Side to side, back and forth ♪
♪ We're the two MC's,
and we're gonna go off ♪
♪ Stand in place, walk or run ♪
♪ Tap your feet, you'll be on the one ♪
♪ Just snap your fingers
and clap your hands ♪
♪ Our DJ's better than
all these bands, huh ♪
(records scratching)
(keyboard playing uptempo melody)
♪ We got all the lines
and all the rhymes ♪
♪ We don't drop dimes
and we don't do crimes ♪
♪ We bake a little cake
with Duncan Hines ♪
♪ And never wear the vest
they call the Calvin Kleins ♪
♪ 'Cause Calvin Klein's
no friend of mine ♪
♪ Don't want nobody's name on my behind ♪
♪ Lee on my legs, sneakers on my feet ♪
♪ D by my side and Jay with the beat ♪
(electric guitar playing)
♪ Ha ♪
♪ So Larry, so Larry ♪
♪ Homeboys, homeboys ♪
♪ Now we're talkin'
autographs and autographs ♪
♪ And autographs and autographs ♪
♪ Fly girls in the place ♪
♪ Homeboys ♪
♪ Hollis Crew ♪